Change up PR template (#4236)
magento/devdocs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Scope of this PR

<!-- REQUIRED

> 1. Leave the label that best describes the scope of your PR visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose one of the following labels that best describes the scope of your PR and do not delete it.
```

Author: TBH this seems longer and less clear. I like the specificity of it, but we're going for a quick understanding of what's needed.

Reviewer 2: I would rather explicitly tell them to also delete the others rather than imply it.
